{
  "text": "Sunday, June 25, Client Identifier RF occurred online. Had session with client on a priority basis after receiving text from his mother. Client became very upset after a minor altercation with father and began destroying property around the house, including his room and his father's collection of pornography. Used client-centered and brief cognitive behavioral therapy techniques to help client identify and modify cognitive triad. Client responded well to techniques and was able to relate the reason why he is upset to prior topics discussed in session, including communication difficulties with family, overall frustration with parents' mental health, and general anger. Plan is to maintain client's original appointment on June 28 and follow up in the meantime. Client knows that he and or his mother can reach out to therapist if needed. Client reports he will continue to practice his own centering techniques in order to maintain his temper."
}\n**********\nProposed Note:

Interventions:
1. Used CBT techniques to challenge negative thought patterns.
2. Employed solution-focused techniques to explore client's strengths and resources.

Presentation:
- No significant risk behaviors or assessment for SI/HI observed.
- Client reported experiencing increased anxiety since last session.
- Client mentioned a recent argument with a family member.

Response:
During the session, the client actively engaged in the interventions. They gained insight into their negative thinking patterns and identified their strengths and resources. The client expressed relief and a sense of empowerment. The family member present in the session expressed understanding and support.

Plan:
1. Client will practice CBT techniques daily to challenge negative thoughts.
2. Therapist will provide additional resources on solution-focused techniques.
3. Therapy sessions will continue on a weekly basis.

Goals:
1. Increase client's self-esteem and self-confidence.
2. Improve client's ability to manage anxiety.

Tasks:
1. Therapist will research and provide resources on self-esteem building exercises.

Suggestions:
1. Achieve increased self-esteem and self-confidence by practicing positive affirmations daily.
2. Improve anxiety management skills by engaging in relaxation exercises and deep breathing techniques.